"Hero Work Study"
Hero work studies...
They are experience-oriented
off-campus activities
that students in the hero course who
have their provisional licenses participate in
"Experience-oriented off-campus activities"
by going to the agencies
of pro heroes to work.
During the internship I did before,
when I fought against Hero Killer: Stain,
I didn't have my provisional license,
but this time, it's different.
The use of my Quirk under
the guidance of pros is allowed,
and I can be dispatched to disaster areas
and join in the fights against villains.
"Provisional License
Authorizing Hero Activities"
And if I do well at my work study,
then I could be invited by the pros
I work with to be their sidekick--or partner--
"Sidekick"
and famous pro heroes
could also scout me directly.
"Scout"         "Early Recruitment"
"Headhunting"        "Contract"
I, Izuku Midoriya,
chose for my hero work study
the agency of All Might's
former sidekick, Sir Nighteye.
But I had a challenge to overcome first--
If you don't want to be turned away,
then before you finish talking to Sir today,
you need to make him laugh at least once.
Humor?
I can do that.
In order to become the number one hero!
I'm Izuku Midoriya!
Are you...
...ridiculing All Might?
It... It wasn't funny!
You little...
What's with that face?
What are you trying to do?
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
Oh, well, um...!
You committed this outrage knowing
that I was All Might's former sidekick?
All Might's wrinkles are not like that.
In his normal face, the wrinkles
around his eyes are 0.6 cm long.
From Silver Age on,
they were about 0.8 cm long.
"All Might ~Silver Age~"
These days, even unlicensed
merchandise specifies which "age" it's from.
"Imitation of Official Merchandise"
Do you not even know that?
Every corner of the office
is filled with All Might merchandise...!
That's the 10th anniversary
tapestry that wasn't for sale!
I want it!
There's no doubt about it...
This man's definitely
a serious All Might fan!
This is very unpleasant.
Please leave.
The vinegar riverbank incident...
Are you not aware of that?
H-Help! Help me!
A middle schooler whose Quirk could
change water quality was drowning in a river,
and All Might saved him.
It's fine now. Why?
"Pro Hero - All Might - Quirk: One For All"
Because I am here.
The drowning middle schooler
changed the river into vinegar in his panic,
and that got into All Might's eyes
when he jumped in to save him.
This is the face he showed
at the interview right after that...
It stings...
His smile with narrowed eyes...
I chose that face here!
Of course I know about that.
It happened before I teamed up with him.
They also mentioned it on the
Yomiuri TV program, A Look Back.
Yes, that one!
There weren't any villains involved,
and it's boring compared to his other work,
so it's not really talked about
on the fan sites, but I like it...
I especially liked the witty response
he gave after being thanked by the boy...
Thank you very much! Thank you very much!
The pleasure's mine! Thanks to you...
"...my skin feels ten years younger."
That's it! I loved the "my skin" part!
You...
Were you testing me?
Oh, no! It's just that because
All Might is a teacher at our school,
it's hard to speak much about him,
so I got too excited
and couldn't help myself...
The crux of that incident was
the family life of that middle schooler.
That's right! Whether you know that or not
makes a big difference
in the weight of the words!
Mirio... what's with that kid...?
"Pro Hero - Bubble Girl"
He's one of my underclassmen, right?
Even though you couldn't make Sir laugh,
this is a pretty good
first impression, too, Midoriya!
"Boy Meets..."
I see...
So you want to do a work study
here in order to become stronger?
Yes, sir! Please allow it!
You have a contract from the school--
Of course I brought it with me!
You will not interrupt me when I am speaking.
No, sir!
"Contract"
Once my stamp is on that paper,
the work study contract will become official.
Yes, sir!
A hero work study is not like the
weeklong internships of normal workplaces
that you can participate in casually.
You must work here for at least a month,
and of course you will be paid.
As a first year who still has a lot of classes,
you will also rack up a lot of absences,
and you will not be able to continue on this
path on the same level as your classmates.
I understand that!
But...
...if I match my pace with everyone else,
then I can't be the top!
"Bam!"
Um, you missed...
Because I don't feel like stamping it.
What?!
I understand the merits
of working here for you.
But what merit is there in my employing you?
With two sidekicks
and one work study student,
this agency runs smoothly, so to add you...
What benefit is there in that?
How can you contribute to society?
How can you be useful to others?
In order to be acknowledged,
you must make those things clear.
All Might showed it
with his power and humor.
He gave hope to those
who lived in fear of crime.
That's why the people acknowledged him.
How I can contribute to society...?
In order to show how
you can benefit my company,
you should show it with
your actions, not your words.
Three minutes.
Try and take this seal from me
in three minutes or less.
If you want to work as a hero under me,
then stamp the seal yourself.
H... Huh...?!
I'm saying that even though you
don't possess a single funny bone,
I'm giving you a chance.
Well? Don't you think I'm a nice guy?
Mirio and Bubble Girl, you two go outside.
Oh, right.
That's not very energetic.
Yes, sir!
Mirio, did you have a
practical interview like that?
Sir asked for me specifically, right?
So I didn't...
He really likes you, huh? Man...
Aw, man!
I'm jealous, you know!
But man, this doesn't look good for Midoriya.
The future looks full of darkness...
Up against Sir's Quirk,
accomplishing that task is almost impossible.
I will not attack you at all,
and you may attack however you wish.
It doesn't matter what happens to this room.
Come and get it.
Nighteye's Quirk is...
No, I just need to get that seal.
In order to become number one,
you need to clear that path, Izuku Midoriya!
One For All...
...Full Cowling!
An approach from the front...
...is a feint leading
to an overhead attack...
...and another attack.
I can see everything.
I knew it...!
But...
...if I surpass the number of moves...!
Hurry up and show me...
...the merit in my hiring you...
...and your usefulness.
He's really being toyed with, huh?
Yeah, right?
I can tell just by listening, right?
Sir is serious.
Don't tell me he has no
intention of letting Midoriya in...?
After one minute has passed,
you back off briefly
and become uneasy,
coming to terms with the reality
that you can't overcome my Foresight.
Sir Nighteye! Quirk: Foresight!
"Sir Nighteye"
"Quirk: Foresight"
After touching someone
and locking eyes with them,
for one hour, he can see the
choices that person will make!
The activation requirements
are a company secret.
The number of moves
isn't making any difference!
He can see everything!
Is there any way to
slip through his Foresight?!
I did have some
high expectations for you, but...
You have enough power to become a symbol,
but you're completely ordinary.
In this time when villains are getting excited,
and gloom is creeping in...
In that case, he should have had
let Mirio inherit One For All after all.
One For All...
Togata...?
I love and respect All Might even now.
But I don't understand
his selection of successor.
"After all." That's what Nighteye said.
Which means Togata was a
candidate for inheriting One For All...?!
Did Togata know about this?
How did Nighteye and All Might choose him...?
And anyway, does All Might
know about all of this?
If he did, why didn't he tell me...?
Do you have time to think for so long?
Or are you tired?
Are you out of ideas?
When Mirio said he wanted to
introduce you to me, I was surprised.
Shall I give it to you straight?
There is someone more worthy
to inherit One For All.
I cannot acknowledge you.
The words I received on that day...
You can become a hero.
And next, it is your turn.
My... all...
Surpass it...! Surpass it!
Until he can't react even if he can see it!
I can't just let him reject...
...everything All Might and I
have been through until now!
All Might chose me!
I will stamp that seal!
I will definitely make you acknowledge me!
"Mirio Togata"
"Quirk: Permeation"
"His body can pass through anything. When he uses it, even his breaths pass through him."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 3rd Year"
"Birthday: 7/15"
"Height: 181 cm" "Blood Type: AB" "Likes: Ramen, Comedy"
"Izuku Midoriya"
"Quirk: One For All"
"Smashes villains with a super power passed down from one generation to the next."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 7/15"
"Height: 166 cm" "Blood Type: O" "Likes: Pork Cutlet Bowl"
Nighteye's Quirk, Foresight!
It lets him see the future.
But I don't know how far into the future.
If I don't know, then I'll need to
use more moves and more speed
so that I don't give him time to think
between his Foresight and my moves!
There is someone more worthy
to inherit One For All.
I can't just go home after being told that!
Those movements...
...are like a degraded Gran Torino's.
If the conditions are met,
then whether it's one second,
one minute, or one hour in the future,
I can see what you're doing...
...wherever you're doing it.
By the way, in another two minutes,
you'll be crouched on the floor
without the seal or the contract.
You've looked worried this whole time.
I thought it would've been the
first thing All Might would teach you...
Those who stand at the top should
not show indecision or worry.
Those who know this always act
with a vision in mind.
You must've been taught this countless times,
but being tested now,
you can't put it into practice, huh?
You said you would have me
acknowledge you, right?
The more I watch you,
the more I can't find a reason
why it has to be you.
He said I could do it!
Who? One of the riffraff?
The greatest hero!
Sorry!
You said it doesn't matter
what happens to this room, right?
Nighteye's words earlier--
If the conditions are met,
then whether it's one second,
one minute, or one hour in the future,
I can see what you're doing
wherever you're doing it.
He can see what I'm doing
wherever I'm doing it.
The way he worded it bugs me.
What is Nighteye seeing?
All the events in the future?
Or a specific target,
in other words, my actions?
I'll test that!
If it's the latter,
then his Foresight won't reach
the objects I scatter at random.
Nighteye...
I can't yield, either!
I...
...am All Might's disciple!
That doesn't change what I see.
I'm not done yet!
N-Not...
It's over.
Not yet!
It's been three minutes.
You're All Might's disciple?
I'm flabbergasted.
You had one plan that didn't work out,
and it made you that clumsy and exhausted.
It's not that I'm exhausted...
Then, was that a mistake?
I was about to step on
the tapestry that wasn't for sale
celebrating All Might's
tenth anniversary as a hero.
Don't tell me...
...he avoided all the
All Mights in the office...
...as he jumped around
like Gran Torino?
Even as his emotions
were upset by my provocations,
he moved thinking about the situation
around him and how to fight against me?
Excuse us!
Are you finished?
There was a loud bang at the end...
I'll take him, Mirio.
All right!
What?! Why?
I couldn't do anything you asked me to!
I told you to take the seal
and stamp it yourself,
but I didn't say that you'd be
rejected if you couldn't do it.
But...
Midoriya, you did it!
Sir, you laughed, right?
I'd already decided to take you on
when I heard you were coming.
I also knew that you
weren't completely useless.
But I hadn't accepted it.
Right now, with the symbol gone,
the people want not a dim light,
but a dazzling one.
Even if it goes against his will,
I'll make you realize who is the
most worthy of that power right now
by having you work alongside the pros.
One For All is transferred
through the will of the user.
He took me on to make me give up.
Me, the one All Might chose,
Sir Nighteye, who doesn't accept that,
and Togata, chosen by Nighteye--
Even though I'm disoriented
by our strange relationship,
even so... even so, I...
I look forward to working with you.
You found a place to do your work study at!
That's great, Deku!
Wow!
Congrats, Midoriya.
Thanks.
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
I can't be idle, either.
But man, you're really amazing, Midoriya.
Yeah, I mean,
you'll be at Sir Nighteye's agency!
You were recommended by Togata?
Good job!
I can't tell them that he just took me
to make me give up One For All...
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
The distance between us has widened again...
We need to catch up as soon as possible.
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
The school said Gunhead hasn't had
enough interns, so I can't go there.
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
Same here. I wanted to go to Selkie's but...
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
Fourth Kind doesn't
even take work studies...
I mean, the threshold's
been set pretty high...
Yeah, we can only ask pros with good track
records who'll take work study students...
It can't be helped.
Unlike the internships, we'll be directly
involved, so if anything happens...
It becomes a problem of
who's responsible on the pro side.
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
Mr. Aizawa!
Pros who accept students even after
knowing the risks are the real thing.
Tokoyami,
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
you've got an invitation for a work
study from one of those real pros.
It's from Hawks, who works in Kyushu.
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
Hawks?!
Ranked third in the hero ranking?!
Wow!
Good job!
What will you do, Tokoyami?
I respectfully accept.
Very well.
I'll give you the work study paperwork later.
Let me know when you figure out
when you'll be going to Kyushu.
I'll authorize your absences for those days.
Isn't that great, Tokoyami?
I am most humbly pleased.
We need to catch up as soon as possible.
Stop saying that!
Also, Kirishima, Amajiki from
the Big Three wants to see you.
He wants to see me?
Also, Hado wants to talk to Uraraka and Asui.
Go see them tomorrow or
something and hear them out.
That's all.
Amajiki... I wonder what he wants...
You think it's about the work studies?
No way! If so, I'm getting my hopes up.
I can't wait until tomorrow.
I'm going to the third years' dorm right now!
Ochaco, let's go, too.
Yeah!
--We need to catch up as--
--Shut up!
Uraraka and the others sure are lucky.
Let's do our best, too!
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
Who cares about work studies?
Even if first years like us go,
we'll just be made to run errands and stuff.
That was what happened
at your internship, right?
Don't remind me of my dark past!
Starting tomorrow, I have my work study...
The next day, the first day
of my work study--
Today, we will be doing
patrols and surveillance.
We'll split up into two groups with me
and Bubble Girl, and Mirio and Midoriya.
Surveillance?
Nighteye Agency is currently
working on a secret investigation.
Shie Hassaikai is a
small designated villain group.
Its young head... in other words,
the number two, Chisaki,
has started showing strange actions.
His plague mask is his trademark.
That mask's scary!
But designated villain groups are
under the surveillance of the police,
so they usually seem pretty obedient.
It's because there was
a big break up once in the past.
But this Chisaki guy is starting
to gather them again for some reason.
Recently, he's even made contact
with the League of Villains.
The details are unclear, though.
The League of Villains...?!
But we haven't been able to get any proof
that he's planning anything criminal.
Because of that,
the Hassaikai is a gray close to black,
and we cannot treat them like villains.
What we're after is their tail.
Be careful not to let them suspect anything.
Yes, sir!
Someone, anyone...!
Please, someone!
No...!
Someone... Anyone...!
Sorry, that must've hurt.
Can you stand? Are you okay?
She's trembling? Why...?
Now, you know you can't go around
causing trouble for the heroes.
My long work study...
Let's go home, Eri.
...had begun.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
The fact that I let go of Eri's hand...
The words from Sir Nighteye
that there is someone more
worthy to inherit One For All...
With these uncertain
feelings pent-up within me,
I learn of a shocking truth from All Might...
His future, as seen by Nighteye, is--
Next time, "Fighting Fate."
You're kidding, right?
That's... Why...?
I don't want that, All Might!
"Next time: Fighting Fate"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!